Adds plugin for git interactive checkout (#12244)
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh: plugins/git-checkout-interactive/README.md

> # lol

Reviewer: This needs to be replaced with a proper title

> This plugin adds quick switch between your branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin adds a command that lets you interactively switch between branches.
```
